       The Red Hat Linux Commercial Support Program

               Free Public Presentation by

                       Robert Hart

     Manager, Support Services, Red Hat Software Inc.

          Tuesday, 16th December, 1997 at 7:00pm

              Digital Equipment Corporation
               2nd Floor, 139 Frome Street
                Adelaide, South Australia


Robert is about to leave Australia to take up a permanent 
position at Red Hat Software Inc. in North Carolina as 
Manager, Support Services. This follows an extensive 
consulting contract from Robert's company (InterWeft - 
http://www.interweft.com.au) with Red Hat Software during 
1997 developing the commercial support program.

Robert comes from an educational background, and this 
experience is proving useful in developing the Red Hat 
Certification program. This program is designed to 
provide one of the quality assurance requirements for the 
devolved Red Hat commercial support program; skilled and 
knowledgeable staff at the support partners.

Robert has been using Linux since kernel 0.99 and has 
used Red Hat Linux since its first release in October 
1994 (code named ``Halloween'').

Over the last seven years Linux has become an important 
operating system in the commercial marketplace, in terms 
of features, stability, speed and also of verified volume 
shipments. In the past, the lack of formal Linux support 
arrangements has been cited as a reason for not using 
Linux.  With the growing use of Linux in the corporate 
environment, and the increasing demand for commercial 
support, Red Hat Software has responded by developing a 
cooperative vendor-backed support system for Red Hat 
Linux.

Robert will discuss the Red Hat Commercial Support 
program; how it will work, and how it will be useful to 
companies requiring vendor-backed support for Red Hat 
Linux, as well as its advantages to the general Linux 
community.

LinuxSA is pleased to offer this lecture, and looks 
forward to the participation of the local computing 
community.  LinuxSA would like to thank Red Hat Software 
for sponsoring Robert's visit to South Australia.

Further Information:
 
             Web: http://www.linuxsa.org.au/
             Email: organisers@linuxsa.org.au
